chore: Improve our user documentation (#733)
Unleash/unleash: docs/user_guide/projects.md

---
id: projects
title: Projects
---

> **Enterprise**
>
> Project support is only available in Unleash Enterprise

## Overview
This topic explains how projects are supported in Unleash, how to create and maintain them.

## Understanding purpose of projects

> Projects are a way to organize your feature toggles within Unleash. Within a large organization, having multiple feature toggles, staying on top of the feature toggles might become a challenge. Every feature toggle will be part of a project. Examples of projects can be linked to a development team or to functional modules within the software. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Projects are a way to organize your feature toggles within Unleash. Within a large organization, having multiple feature toggles, staying on top of the feature toggles might become a challenge. Every feature toggle will be part of a project. Projects can be linked to a development team or to functional modules within the software. 
```

A common pattern is to organize the feature toggles according to key areas of the application, e.g. “Basic user process” and “Advanced user process”. This is illustrated below.

![Project concept](../assets/project_concept.png)

## Creating a new project

> When you log into Unleash for the first time, there is a Default project already created. All feature toggles are included in the Default project, unless decided otherwise.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When you log into Unleash for the first time, there is a Default project already created. All feature toggles are included in the Default project, unless explicitly set to a different one.
```

From the top-line menu – click on the hamburger icon.

![Project concept](../assets/create_project1.png)

From the menu – choose “Projects”

![Project concept](../assets/create_project2.png)

The available projects will now be listed.
To create a new Project – choose the “+”

![Project concept](../assets/create_project3.png)

The configuration of a new Project is now available. the following input is available to create the new Project.

![Project concept](../assets/create_project4.png)

| Item     | Description |
| ----------- | ----------- |
| Project Id     | Id for this Project      |
| Project name   | The name of the Project.       |
| Description   | A short description of the project       |

## Deleting an existing project

> To keep your feature toggle clean, removing deprecated projects is important. From the overview of Projects – choose the Delete button for the project you want to delete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To keep your feature toggles clean, removing deprecated projects is important. From the overview of Projects – choose the Delete button for the project you want to delete.
```

![Project concept](../assets/project_delete.png)

## Filter feature toggles on projects
When browsing the feature toggles in Unleash, you might want to filter the view by looking only at the ones included in the project of interest. This is possible from the Feature toggle overview.

> From the top-line meny – choose the hamburger icon

Reviewer: ```suggestion
From the top-line menu – choose the hamburger icon
```

![Project concept](../assets/project_filter.png)

From the menu – choose “Feature toggles”

![Project concept](../assets/project_filter2.png)

The list of features toggles can be filtered on the project of your choice. By default, all feature toggles are listed in the view.

![Project concept](../assets/project_filter3.png)

From the drop-down, chose the project to filter on.

![Project concept](../assets/project_filter4.png)

The view will now be updated with the filtered feature toggles.

## Assigning project to a new feature toggle
When creating a new feature toggle, the project where the feature toggle will be created may be chosen. The default project is “Default”

![Project concept](../assets/project_filter5.png)

All available projects are available from the drop-down menu. 

![Project concept](../assets/project_filter6.png)

## Change project for an existing feature toggle

> It might be a need to change the project a feature toggle belongs to. This is easily available from the feature toggle itself. The project is available on the feature toggle configuration.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There might be a need to change the project a feature toggle belongs to. Changing the project is possible from the feature toggle configuration page.
```
